Code intel team and direction update (#782)
sourcegraph/handbook: content/company/strategy/code-graph/code-intelligence/index.md

- **Language indexers:** Maturity varies widely per language. See [LSIF indexers documentation](https://docs.sourcegraph.com/code_intelligence/references/indexers).

> - **Code intelligence platform:** We're currently focusing on delivering an out-of-the-box precise code intelligence solution to a small number of eager customers.

Reviewer: Can we define a bit more what an out of the box precise code intelligence solution is? Does that mean easy to setup? Or lots of languages? Something else?

Author: ```suggestion
- **Code intelligence platform:** We're currently focusing on delivering an out-of-the-box precise code intelligence solution to a small number of eager customers. This will allow customers to easily set up precise code intelligence for Go, Java, Scala, Kotlin, and soon TS repositories. This feature will also enable automatic indexing of a repository's dependencies, which means users will now be able to navigate and find references across repositories and dependencies alike. 
```

> - **Code navigation:** Baseline features are implemented but have a considerable amount of debt and room for improvement. We're currently focusing on researching and implementating features that will make the overall navigation experience snappier, more intuitive and complete.

Reviewer 2: faster and more intuitive?

Author: ```suggestion
- **Code navigation:** Baseline features are implemented but have a considerable amount of debt and room for improvement. We're currently focusing on researching and implementing features that will make the overall navigation experience faster and more intuitive.
```

In the last few months we’ve:

- Added precise support for the JVM ecosystem (Java, Scala and soon Kotlin).
- Added search-based support for Apex.
- Shipped critical platform features necessary to set up and run auto-indexing at on-prem customers that use GCP or AWS.

> - Taken our first steps into improving the code navigation experience by tackling longstanding papercuts.

Reviewer 2: Do we want a _such as_ example here?

Reviewer: If there's a papercuts label you could link to closed issues with it, maybe.

Author: We have the [Papercuts discussion board](https://github.com/sourcegraph/sourcegraph/discussions/24905?sort=top ) but I'm unsure if that would be helpful or not.

- Requests for adding precise support for more languages (often including the addition of cross-repository and cross-dependency navigation features).
- Current manual setup is not straightforward, customers run into issues while setting up LSIF for their repositories. This varies per indexer maturity and language ecosystem complexity.
- There have been reports about performance and scaling issues when indexing large monorepos.
- Requests feature that helps visualize the code graph and its dependencies.

### Competitive landscape

> - **Code hosts:** The most relevant code hosts have navigation features, mostly powered by imprecise code intelligence. They have good out-of-the-box support, but their chosen technical path prioritizes wider language breath sacrificing accuracy. Our precise code intelligence approach focuses on having 100% accuracy by implementing LSIF indexers. So far none of our competitors have mimicked the approach, but as precise code navigation gains traction this is a potential risk.

Reviewer: If the most relevant is not a long list, we could explicitly list them here.

Reviewer: You could also mention we are staying ahead of that risk by ensuring we continue to innovate and build hard to copy features (assuming that's true).

Author: ```suggestion
- **Code hosts:** Both GitHub and GitLab have navigation features, mostly powered by imprecise code intelligence. They have good out-of-the-box support, but their chosen technical path prioritizes wider language breath sacrificing accuracy. Our precise code intelligence approach focuses on having 100% accuracy by implementing LSIF indexers. So far none of our competitors have mimicked the approach, but as precise code navigation gains traction this is a potential risk.
```

> - **Code hosts:** The most relevant code hosts have navigation features, mostly powered by imprecise code intelligence. They have good out-of-the-box support, but their chosen technical path prioritizes wider language breath sacrificing result accuracy. Our precise code intelligence approach focuses on having 100% accuracy by implementing LSIF indexers. So far none of our competitors have mimicked the approach, but as precise code navigation gains traction this is a potential risk.

Reviewer 2: sacrificing accuracy

> - **Code hosts:** The most relevant code hosts have navigation features, mostly powered by imprecise code intelligence. They have good out-of-the-box support, but their chosen technical path prioritizes wider language breath sacrificing result accuracy. Our precise code intelligence approach focuses on having 100% accuracy by implementing LSIF indexers. So far none of our competitors have mimicked the approach, but as precise code navigation gains traction this is a potential risk.

Author: ```suggestion
- **Code hosts:** The most relevant code hosts have navigation features, mostly powered by imprecise code intelligence. They have good out-of-the-box support, but their chosen technical path prioritizes wider language breath sacrificing accuracy. Our precise code intelligence approach focuses on having 100% accuracy by implementing LSIF indexers. So far none of our competitors have mimicked the approach, but as precise code navigation gains traction this is a potential risk.
```
```suggestion
- **Code hosts:** The most relevant code hosts have navigation features, mostly powered by imprecise code intelligence. They have good out-of-the-box support, but their chosen technical path prioritizes wider language breath sacrificing accuracy. Our precise code intelligence approach focuses on having 100% accuracy by implementing LSIF indexers. So far none of our competitors have mimicked the approach, but as precise code navigation gains traction this is a potential risk.
```

  - Building the code graph also means we need to generate and store increased amounts of LSIF data that will require scaling our infrastructure in an order of one to two magnitudes. We hypothesize that we'll reach scaling concerns, we want to be proactive in identifying and removing bottlenecks.
  - Once we have validated our Alpha solution and have proven it’s running successfully at three customers, the next step is monitoring and weeding out any issues that might arise from our first trials to move on-prem auto-indexing into Beta. At this point we’ll be aiming to roll it out to a larger number of customers.
- **Ship precise language support**
  - We’ve historically invested in broadening our span of supported languages. This is an ongoing effort that ties directly back to the Global Code Graph vision. We're currently focusing on shipping Kotlin, Protobuf and a revamped version of our JS/TS indexer. Our next step is adding auto-indexing and cross dependency navigation for JS and TS to our on-prem offeting.
- **Improve the user experience of code navigation and code intelligence**

>   - Begin measuring and reporting time-to-value as a metric so that we can understand and improve retention, activation, and sign-ups, and know where the high ROI items are for delivering a unified experience in future quarters.

Author: ```suggestion
  - Begin measuring and reporting time-to-value as a metric so that we can understand and improve retention, activation, and sign-ups, and know where the high ROI items are for delivering a unified experience in future quarters.
  - Conduct research that helps us understand adoption drivers and pain points with the aim of identifying concrete improvements to increase discoverability and enhance the navigation experience.
```

## Strategy and Plans

> ### FY22 Q4 goals

Reviewer: If this section ends up just being a copy of a subset of the content on the code graph page, you could just link back there and then you don't need to update it twice.

> These tie back to [FY22 Q4 Product/Engineering OKRs](../../../goals/2022_q4.md#product-engineering)

Author: ```suggestion
These tie back to [FY22 Q4 Product/Engineering OKRs](../../../goals/2022_Q4.md#product-engineering)
```
